
Angular Interview Project

GOALS
The purpose of this project will be the search, display and categorization of movies into user
defined collections. The application will be based on a free API, which will supply us with
necessary movie data. At first, the user will be able to search and get a list of movies along with
their details. Then, they will be able to select a couple of them and store them into a custom
collection. In addition, they should be able to view and edit any collections they have created.
This project is divided into three main sections of development.
1. Search Page
a. This must be the home (default) page of the application
b. This page must contain a simple input where the user will be able to write a
keyword to search for movies. Furthermore, custom validation logic must take
place into an angular directive with the following two validation rules:
i. Minimum three (3) characters
ii. Allow only alphanumerics
c. Search results must be displayed using a pagination logic, and the following
details must be shown:
i. poster_path
ii. title
iii. Vote_average
d. User must be able to navigate to MovieDetailsPage by clicking on the movie.
2. Movie Details Page
a. This page must be accessible through angular routing.
b. This page must be opened into a popup.
c. This page must fetch and display the following movie details: title, overview,
poster_path, budget, release_date, revenue, vote_average, vote_count,
spoken_languages
d. User must be able to post a rating for this movie. In order to accomplish this task,
you need to get the sessionId for a guest user.
3. Movies Collections Page
a. This page must contain all the available movies collections of the user (store them
in browser’s local storage), each collection contains a list of movies.
b. User can navigate to collection create page. The needed information in order to
create a collection is: title and description.
c. By clicking to a collection a new page should open with the list of collection
movies from where user can remove a movie from the collection or see the movie
details using MovieDetailsPage mentioned above.
d. User can add one or more movies to a collection by selecting the movies from the
search results (SearchPage), then a popup should be opened with all the
collections and user should select in which collection to add the selected movies.
SPECIFICATIONS
● The application should be based on the following free API:
API reference: https://developers.themoviedb.org/3/getting-started/introduction
API key: 85204a8cc33baf447559fb6d51b18313
● Use Angular Material or other UI kit (optional)
● Angular Version: Angular minimum version: 11.0.0 or latest.
● Nodejs minimum version: 14.0.0